Add Aurora > Containers page; fix Polaris > Containers (#651)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/polaris/containers/containers.md

**Disabled Port mapping, user namespace and [network virtualization]** [Network virtualization](https://apptainer.org/docs/user/main/networking.html) is disabled for the container due to security constraints. See issue [#2533](https://github.com/apptainer/apptainer/issues/2553)

> **Apptainer instance errors with version 1.3.2**
> Use nohup and `&` as an alternative if you want to run Apptainer as a background process. For example see below to run postgres as a background process
> ```bash
> nohup apptainer run \
>   -B pgrun:/var/run/postgresql \
>   -B pgdata:/var/lib/postgresql/data \
>   --env-file pg.env \
>   postgres.sing postgres &
> 
> # 3) Capture its PID so we can kill it later
> echo $! > postgres_pid.txt
> echo "Started Postgres in the background with PID $(cat postgres_pid.txt)"
> 
> # 4) Perform whatever work you need while Postgres is running
> #    In this demo, we just sleep for 30 minutes (1800 seconds).
> sleep 1800
> 
> # 5) Kill the background process at the end of the job
> kill "$(cat postgres_pid.txt)"
> rm postgres_pid.txt
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! bug "Apptainer instance errors with version 1.3.2"

    Use `nohup` and `&` as an alternative if you want to run Apptainer as a background process. See below for an example of running Postgres as a background process:
    ```bash linenums="1"
     nohup apptainer run 
     -B pgrun:/var/run/postgresql \
     -B pgdata:/var/lib/postgresql/data \
     --env-file pg.env \
     postgres.sing postgres &

     # 3) Capture its PID so we can kill it later
     echo $! > postgres_pid.txt
     echo "Started Postgres in the background with PID $(cat postgres_pid.txt)"

    # 4) Perform whatever work you need while Postgres is running
    #    In this demo, we just sleep for 30 minutes (1800 seconds).
    sleep 1800

    # 5) Kill the background process at the end of the job
    kill "$(cat postgres_pid.txt)"
    rm postgres_pid.txt
    ```
```
